bug - FortiSiem fetch with events work for version 6.6 and below (#35917)
demisto/content: Packs/FortiSIEM/ReleaseNotes/2_0_37.md

#### Integrations

##### FortiSIEM v2

- The fetch mode 'Fetch with Events' will now work only for FortiSiem version 6.6 and below.

> - The command ***fortisiem-event-search*** will now work only for FortiSiem version 6.6 and below.

Reviewer: Recommend:
The ***fortisiem-event-search*** command will now work only for FortiSiem version 6.6 and earlier.

> - The **Fetch with Events**§ fetch mode will now work only for FortiSiem version 6.6 and earlier.
> - The ***fortisiem-event-search*** command will now work only for FortiSiem version 6.6 and earlier.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated the integration documentation to clarify that the **Fetch with Events** fetch mode, as well as the ***fortisiem-event-search*** command, are supported only for FortiSiem version 6.6 and earlier due to backward compatibility changes in subsequent versions of FortiSiem.
```
it's not "will now only work", since we didn't change anything
